Timing & subtitles brought to you by the Touch Me If You Can Team @ Viki
All names, characters, places, organizations and events that appear in this drama are purely fictional.
The number you have called is unavailable...
Don't mess with Father.
Father is a monster.
A monster beyond your imagination.
- Get in.
- There's no time.
Team Leader, you need to go to the Bukcheon Police Station.
Bukcheon Police Station?
Weren't you on the same side as Jang Joon Seo?
I didn't know Jang Joon Seo killed Yoon Jung Hye.
He tricked me.
So, you're going to betray Jang Joon Seo?
My full-time job is as a policeman.
I want to hurry and come back to work. I don't want to be involved in Jang family's issues anymore.
Where is Jang Joon Seo right now?
Untouchable
- Final Episode -
Yes Boss. We've arrested him.
We will move to the station immediately. Yes.
Yes.
Noh Ji Hwan will report to Joo Tae Seop, the only person who is connected with Father.
Then Joo Tae Seop will definitely come out and ensure that I'm arrested.
What are you doing, you b*stard?
- What are you?
- It's me, you b*stards.
You b*stard!
Why so shocked? I told you I would treat you big time!
Th-This...
this is illegal!
I knocked you guys out, but I didn't take the gun.
It wasn't Goo Do Soo.
Joo Tae Seop went in there.
I think Prosecutor Seo will be in there.
Follow me.
Move.
Block them.
Move!
It doesn't matter who it is.
Block them. Block them you b*stards!
You b*stard!
Check all their resources.
B*stard.
Detective Goo.
He went that way. Th-That way.
I'll be okay. Hurry and go catch him.
Detective Goo. Wake up! You can't lose consciousness!
Hey you punk! Goo Do Soo!
How is Detective Goo?
Fortunately, he isn't in a life-threatening situation. His breathing has also come back to normal.
He's normally a positive person, so he'll recover quickly.
By the way, what are you going to do now?
Even though Seo I Ra is a currently employed prosecutor, considering how they've been treating her...
Yes.
Hyung, hurry and come back to the scene.
If we look carefully, I think we can find where Prosecutor Seo is.
These b*stards filmed a video of the kidnapping and sent it here.
Where is this?
I'm not sure. I can't tell by the video.
Play it again.
Do you know where it is?
There is more than one place that looks like this in Bukcheon.
Play it again.
Wait, stop.
Excuse me.
Do you know where this is?
Ah, but this is an empty building.
Where is it?
Our info was wrong.
If they keep chasing after us, they'll catch our tail.
Hurry and take care of her.
Yes. I understand.
What are you doing? Hang her up.
Let's do this. Stop moving.
Stop moving.
- Grab her.
- Stop moving.
Stop!
Don't come near us.
I'm sorry.
Prosecutor Seo I Ra. Where is she?
Is she alive?
Was it Father's order?
Yes.
Don't kill Prosecutor Seo I Ra. Even if it's Father's orders.
I just follow orders.
I told you not to do it. So don't!
I'm sorry. I only follow Jang Beom Ho's orders.
If Father says to kill me, will you kill me?
That won't happen.
Joon Seo will end Father. I know him.
Once he makes up his mind, he'll do it. Even if he'll die, he'll do it.
Father's generation will end now. Starting now, it's my generation.
Sorry, I have something urgent to deal with. I need to leave.
What is the urgent situation?
I'm sorry.
Are you going to kill someone again?
Tell me, you b*stard! Who is the person you're going to kill?
Is it Joon Seo?
I'll tell you after everything is finished.
Don't go.
I said not to go, you b*stard!
You b*stard.
Who did Father tell you to kill, you b*stard?
I can't tell you.
Bukcheon's owner is me!
It isn't Father!
I am Bukcheon's king.
I am, I am Bukcheon's king!
I am the king!
Hey.
Hey, you punk.
Hey, you punk!
Hey!
Are you okay not going to the hospital?
Don't step foot outside of your house, no matter what happens.
You can't become Father. You aren't able to, and you can't.
Joon Seo.
You were wrong.
Hyung.
Joon Seo.
I...
killed someone.
What are you saying? Who did you kill?
I hated Father as much as you did.
After seeing Father kill someone,
I realized he was wrong.
Even after you left,
I saw even more sides of him that proved he wasn't human.
I asked, who did you kill? Who?
Joon Seo.
I'm going to turn myself in.
I can become free from Father now, right?
Hyung.
Do you know the reason why I stayed in that sickening house?
I waited a long time for you.
For you to come back.
When we were young,
if Father was drunk, he'd buy a lot of food
and put it under our pillows. Do you remember?
I believed that Father
would turn back into the father who was nice to us.
So I thought we could have lived happily
when you came back.
Where are you? I'll go to you.
No, no.
Don't come.
Find Father as you wanted.
And end the ill fate
between Father, me and you.
Joon Seo.
I really like you.
Hyung.
We've captured Goo Ja Gyeong. We will follow your orders immediately.
Yes.
Who are you? Who are you?!
What are you going to do, you punk!
Why?
What do we do? It's not Joo Tae Seop's voice.
We just have to follow the orders.
Do you guys know who I am?!
What the? What are you guys doing?
Ja Gyeong!
Ja Gyeong, are you okay?
Can you take your hand out?
Yes, Mother.
Joon Seo.
Um... I received a call from the hospital.
Gi Seo... got hurt.
What?
I'm too scared to go. Could you go?
No, it won't be Gi Seo.
It'll be someone else.
I got it. Where's the hospital?
How's Hyung?
I was right. It's not Gi Seo, right?
They mistook him for someone else, right?
Mother...
No...
No, there's no way it's Gi Seo.
No, there's no way.
Gi Seo is de...
No... no...
No, there's no way.
Why would Gi Seo die?
Why?
It's because of you. It's because of you.
It's because of you.
If you hadn't come back, there would be no reason for Gi Seo to die.
Bring him back. Bring Gi Seo back.
You can't do that to your brother. He did so much for you.
Even after you left, he always slept in your room
in case you came back at night.
To a brother like that...
You...
Get out. You said you were going to help your brother. You said you would help your brother.
Then why did you make him like this?
Gi Seo!
Timing & subtitles brought to you by the Touch Me If You Can Team @ Viki
Joon Seo...
I really like you.
[Viki Ver] jTBC E16 Untouchable
-= Ruo Xi =-
Dad... Father-in-law tried to kill me.
What?
Give everything you have to Jang Beom Ho.
That guy isn't human. Give everything back.
Tell him you were wrong and beg.
That's how you can live, Ja Gyeong.
Dad.
Do you love me?
What are you saying?
No... You don't love me.
In my whole life, I don't remember
anyone who loved me.
But...
without me knowing,
there was someone
who loved me.
That person died.
Will there ever be someone who loves me that much again?
Dad...
I'm in so much pain.
It hurts so much, I can't get over it.
Who died?
Dad...
I want to live as that person's wife. I want to live as the wife
of the only person who loved me.
Ja Gyeong... Was it...
Gi Seo?
Dad, you can give up on me too.
I don't want to be your daughter anymore.
What are you going to do?
I have to go to Heugryeongdo, where my father is.
While I was alone in my room, I thought a lot about you.
Even if someone kills a person, families will inevitably get behind that person.
But why did you chase after your father until this point?
There were definitely a lot of chances for you to embrace your father's crimes.
If you did that, no one would have cursed at you.
And why did my mom have to report my father for his crime?
Do people think that the one's who report their own family members
did the right thing? Do they think they're good people?
I'm not a good person.
I don't want to be a good person either.
That's how my father raised me. Only the strongest lives.
As I learned from my father, I want to beat my father and become the strongest.
I told the members of the Bukcheon committee, so they're going to head there.
Just show them the information you got from that room.
Yes.
No. I'm going to Heugryeongdo alone.
I'm going to take you to Heugryeongdo.
Gi Seo died. Father killed him.
I'm sorry about that. I'm regretting the things I couldn't stop him from doing.
Now, I'm unable to and can't forgive him.
A special report by the Seoul Prosecutors Office has revealed that former president Goo Yong Chan...
is being investigated in connection with the murder of Ahn Jin Gyeong, a former campaign staff member.
A person connected to the Prosecutor's Office has said that his daughter Goo Ja Gyeong...
stated in a recording that she ordered the killing and that Goo Yong Chan and Ahn Jin Gyeong were...
involved in an intimate relationship.
In order to protect Goo Ja Gyeong's safety...
the Central Prosecutor's Office has sent a team to Bukcheon City.
Hey, it looks like Goo Yong Chan and Goo Ja Gyeong are both going down.
Did you do it?
No. Goo Ja Gyeong did it herself.
Well that's that. Gi Seo died as well.
If Goo Yong Chan and Goo Ja Gyeong disappear too,
as you said, don't we become 1st place in Bukcheon?
Father, if Goo Ja Gyeong gets arrested, I will get arrested too.
My name is in that recording.
What? You'll get arrested too?
Father, please tell them that I didn't know anything, and I just did what you told me to do.
Tell them you were threatened by Goo Yong Chan and used your unknowing son.
What, you punk?
Father, you tell them that. You have to make a sacrifice for your son.
That's what a real father does.
Where is Father?
Follow me.
When our descendants...
ask those of us living today, what we did for them...
when they ask what we did for our hometown Bukcheon
We can say we did not waver...
in working tirelessly for the development of Bukcheon and its citizens
Let us work so we can answer them boldly.
Is there anything that we can't do?
Winners do not give up.
If there are obstacles that are in our way...
That would be jealousy and conspiracy. That would be self righteousness and comes from the enemy.
Long live Bukcheon. Long live Jang Beom Ho.
Long live Bukcheon. Long live Jang Beom Ho. Long live Bukcheon!
-Long live Jang Beom Ho!
-Let's go.
Long live Jang Beom Ho.
Long live Bukcheon. Long live Jang Beom Ho.
We are the warriors of our proud Bukcheon.
You were all being watched through these 24/7.
The drivers, secretaries, the subordinates you all trusted in...
were the people who were watching you all.
Who would do this?
The person you all trusted and treated like a god...
Jang Beom Ho.
Jang Beom Ho has passed away. It was just a fabricated rumour.
There is someone who saw Jang Beom Ho alive.
It was Prosecutor Seo I Ra from the Bukcheon Prosecutor's Office.
Just because she saw Jang Beom Ho alive, he kidnapped her.
What happened to Prosecutor Seo?
We saved her just before she was killed.
I need to head over to the second phase of Yong Hank Soo's trial. Could you please organize the documents to submit to the judges?
It's information that Yoon Jung Hye personally gave to Goo Ja Gyeong
If we can connect Yoon Jung Hye's murder with the disappearance of the officers from three years ago, we should have enough to obtain a search warrant for Heukryeongdo.
That means he planted people at the Prosecutor's office as well.
Yes. This video is the reason Jang Beom Ho was going to kill Goo Ja Gyeong,
but in turn killed Jang Gi Seo.
Jang Beom Ho is currently at Heugryeongdo.
Chief Prosecutor Ji, Prosecutor Seo I Ra is your staff.
Jang Beom Ho has abducted and attempted to kill a present Prosecutor.
Isn't this a sufficient reason to arrest Jang Beom Ho?
It's me.
There should be some documents in Prosecutor Seo I Ra's office that she received from an external source. Check those.
Contact all the police officers in our jurisdiction and have them prepare to send a team to Heukryeongdo.
Because of you, I lost the only chance for me to be free from my father.
This was my last chance.
Do you know how hard it is for someone like me to gather courage to die?
This time, you did wrong.
You can't leave me by myself.
Go check that side.
Hurry and call an ambulance!
Education makes people stronger.
It perfects people to respect correction, order, and teamwork.
Throw away all the wrongs you committed in the past.
You must become a valuable human being for Bukcheon who can work hard putting your life on the line.
For Bukcheoh, we'll give up our lives...
I am trash. I am trash.
I'm hungry. I'm hungry.
It's that room at the end. Your father is waiting for you.
No, this isn't something Chief Noh Ji Hwan can stop.
Contact everyone and tell them to hide until they die.
This is my final order.
Who in the world are you, Father?
Didn't you see?
This Heugryeongdo and I, are the history of our Jang family.
This place?
This place? This hell? You called me here to show me this hell?
Your grandfather was a brave soldier for Imperial Japan.
He fought for our country during the Pacific War and returned.
And he built an empire for himself here.
That great mentality is still alive today.
Bukcheon became the Bukcheon it is now, because of that mindset.
Bukcheon, is a world that the Bukcheon citizens made themselves.
You stood on top of that while sucking the blood out of them.
Humans are selfish beasts.
Unless someone rules over them from the top...
I'm sure it would've become chaotic because of all those criminals who are like animals.
So... in order to rule over those humans who are like animals...
Did you live with such a rotten thinking in your heart?
I have to protect what is right. I can't lose that mindset even if 100 years pass by.
To pass on your grandfather and my mindset,
we made Bukcheon into a city without crime.
We made it into the best city in the Republic of Korea.
No. You made Bukcheon into a rotten city.
You created people who are crazy about power.
That's why powerful people who are lawless and unethical came about.
Father, you made Bukcheon rot from the bottom to the top.
Joon Seo.
Please throw that mindset away.
The reason I'm showing you this place
is because I think of you as my heir.
You're telling me to become your heir?
You trick your family because you're scared you'll lose your power.
You even killed your son's wife afraid that she might be an obstacle.
You even killed detectives who were after your secret. And now...
And now you killed your own son.
You're telling me to be the heir of someone like that?
If you can't understand all this, you won't be able to get out of here.
Father.
Are you really my father?
I can give up everything for the bigger goal.
Father... Your goal that makes you believe that you're the only one who is right... That's what killed Gi Seo.
Father, you don't make humans into humans, you make humans into beasts.
And you yourself have also become a beast.
Gi Seo! He's not qualified to become a leader!
A guy who throws away his life over a girl can't become a leader!
That's right, it could be good for Bukcheon.
You made him like that. You did! You need to be punished.
Who do you think will be able to punish me? Who?
I will.
I, who inherited your blood. Jang Joon Seo.
Okay.
If you can do it, then you should.
You, are my only remaining son.
If it's what you want,
At last...
Go.
This is to protect yourself.
It's over. Father and our family's history.
He doesn't know anything! He has no idea what the big picture is!
Sir, The police will arrive at Heugryeongdo soon.
It won't be possible to deal with this time.
How dare the police come?
I am not Jang Beom Ho.
I am God.
I will serve you in hell.
I will never die.
We are warriors of our proud Bukcheon!
Jang Beom Ho snuck out criminals to Heugryeongdo using No Ji Hwan and Park Tae Jin who were police officers at the time.
He trained those criminals in Heugryeongdo and turned them into his minions.
And he kept a watch on numerous people using those minions and ruled over Bukcheon.
However, the resources they used to monitor the people have become the evidence of their crimes.
Please watch the monitor.
I took care of Jang Gi Cheol. But the problem is the Chief Jung Yoon Mi.
I think she's thinking of sending detectives over to Heugryeongdo.
What should we do?
Team Leader Yoon Dong Pil has also talked to me.
He told me to go to Heugryeongdo with him.
Tell him you'll go with him.
And no matter what you have to say as an excuse,
get yourself out of it. Then, we'll take care of their deaths as accidental.
You have to become a witness to prove that they died from an accident.
September 26, 2014, around 9 p.m...
Jang Gi Cheol who was on the Wanted List escapes Heugryeongdo.
He wanted to come to the police station and tell them about Heugryeongdo's secret.
But No Ji Hwan who was the intelligent officer at the time murders Jang Gi Cheol.
And soon after, four detectives including Yoon Dong Pil who were after Heugryeongdo's secret...
head over to Heugryeongdo.
October 20th, 7:28am, Video of Ship 101
That is all.
Defendant Park Tae Jin, Noh Ji Hwan.
Do you admit your crimes?
Defendant Yong Hak Soo.
Yes.
Yoon Dong Pil, Yoo Soo Hyeong, Kim Jin Ha, Choi Byeong Ho and Yoon Dong Pil's daughter, Yoon Jung Hye.
Do you admit that you received orders from Jang Beom Ho to kill these people?
Everything was done out of my own judgement.
It was a result of our extreme loyalty toward Mayor Jang Beom Ho.
He did nothing wrong.
He's someone who lived his entire life for Bukcheon.
And to protect his own honour, he took his own life.
Thank you to our channel manager _taeko10
Mayor Jang Beom Ho is forever.
Our Mayor Jang Beom Ho is still living in our hearts.
We must remember him forever!
No matter if thousand years go by...
He gave himself for our Bukcheon...
We must remember him!
Jang Beom Ho. Jang Beom Ho. Jang Beom Ho!
Jang Beom Ho! Jang Beom Ho!
Evil hides itself as more time passes by.
It may be scarier because we may not be aware of its existence hidden in our midst.
Jang Beom Ho! Jang Beom Ho!
Thank you to our many other language moderators.
It was hard, right?
Jang Gi Seo
1980 - 2018
Rest in peace now.
Thank you to our segmenters: fizban (chief), kitty100, pilar_velasquez, bjohnsonwong, sabrinafair, lil1508 s14950, aanya_sawhney1_515, yellowheart, and bagy.
Thank you to our Korean to English subtitlers: dramadwarfie, jimchou7, minny_kim, abythe, jellly, lil1508, happyclouds, and yuun_yoo514_994.
Thank you to our chief editor: Singndance4life
Thank you to our translation editor: Abythe
Thank you to ourEnglish editor: Joysprite
Thank you to our page designer serenasf95
4 years later.
- Looks good.
- Oh, be quiet!
Jae Ho, your wife isn't threatening to leave you anymore?
Hyung, I'm someone with an apartment in Gangnam.
If there's someone in the police force with an apartment in Gangnam, tell them to come out.
Where does she think she's going? Leaving an apartment in Gangnam behind?
Don't be careless.
The second hardest occupation in this world is a police, and the first one is a police's wife.
She could've changed the title on the house without your knowledge.
No way. How could she change the title on it without my permission?
Of course, that's illegal.
If you say it's illegal, doesn't that mean it's possible?
That's right. The easiest thing to do is something illegal.
You... you were disciplined for taking bribes, yet you still haven't come to your senses yet.
That's all thanks to our Team Leader Jang Joon Seo.
I've been hanging around the Team Leader too much committing all kinds of illegal activities...
Unbeknownst to me, illegal things have become everyday life for me.
- It's seeped into your body then?
- That's right.
Then you should quit being a cop.
You still have no idea? You'd miss out on catching the criminals if you go by the book.
On the contrary, someone like me who lives illegal lifestyle protects justice in this country.
Besides, you caught a robber recently...
and you let him go because you felt sorry for him. Isn't that illegal, too?
That and this... it's diff...
Hold on.
Was it you? The one who tattle-tailed on me to the chief?
We're a team. We should drink together and get punished together.
Hey, don't you know I have a promotion evaluation next month?
Don't go up too high up on the ladder. I'll feel too distant from you.
Geez, that mouth of yours...
-Hyung, that...
-I believe the outcome of this trial was a given.
Isn't that Prosecutor Seo?
This will be a turning point where all the illegally possessed land that is supposed to be under the ownership of the government will be returned.
[ Prosecutors' Office wins, Bukcheon expo land returned to government ]
And also, a traitor from the past...
The contradictory reality where his descendants are prospering...
I wish this would be a turning point that would flip things around.
She's doing well. She's even appearing on TV.
Hm?
If she comes out on TV, she is a star prosecutor now.
Hyung, are you still being a bad guy to Prosecutor Seo?
Now, let's all drink!
We got together after a long time, today we will see the end of it.
Cheers, cheers cheers!
Bukcheon Mayor
Jung Yoon Mi
There are rumours that Vice President Jang Gyu Ho is preparing to run in the next mayoral election.
Did you know?
It's my first time hearing that.
If you want to continue on, you can't ignore it.
He goes around saying that he's former Mayor Jang Beom Ho's heir.
There are still a lot of people in Bukcheon who support Jang Beom Ho.
We have to avoid letting Jang Beom Ho's spirit come back into Bukcheon.
I will stop him from becoming the mayor.
That's right. The person who can stop such a tragedy from repeating itself is...
There's only Mayor Jung Yoon Mi in Bukcheon.
Shall I teach you?
-Go in the center.
-Center.
Find your balance, in the center.
-That's right, that's right.
-Okay.
-Okay, okay.
Okay! Okay, okay!
-In the center.
-You're doing well.
-Ok, ok.
I'm doing well.
Timing & subtitles brought to you by the Touch Me If You Can Team @ Viki